{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1049{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset204{\*\fname Arial;}Arial CYR;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset204{\*\fname Arial;}Arial CYR;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs20 OnAir script command description. \par
\f1\lang1033 Update 21 august 2015\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\f1\lang1033 Keyword case is ignored.\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\par
\ul Service commands. Inserted before other commands what have corresponding bits in shedule setted.\par
\b\par
\ulnone logoOn\par
\f1\lang1033 -- \b0 Turn logotype on\f0\lang1049\par
\b\par
logoOff\par
\f1\lang1033 -- \b0 Turn logotype off\f0\lang1049\par
\b\par
titlingOn\b0\par
\b\f1\lang1033 -- \b0 Turn titling on\f0\lang1049\par
\b\par
titlingOff\par
\f1\lang1033 -- \b0 Turn titling off\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\f1\lang1033\par
\ul Block commands.\f0\lang1049\par
\ulnone\par
\b\f1\lang1033 wait operator 0 \b0 Any comment\par
-- Start of block. Shedule paused until operator press 'Start'. Zero must be present\par
\par
\b wait follow 0 \b0 Any comment\par
-- Start of block. Shedule continues to run. Zero must be present\par
\par
\b wait time \b0 12:00:00.00 \b [\b0 5.00\b ] \b0 Any comment\par
-- Start of block. Passive waiting. \par
Shedule waits until current time become equal or later than setted then continues.\par
Value in square brakets ignored but should have correct format\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\b\f1\lang1033 wait time \b0 12:00:00.00 \b [\b0 5.00\b ] active \b0 Any comment\par
-- Start of block. Active waiting. \par
If shedule reached this command before setted time it waits.\par
If shedule is executing previous block and setted time is reached then previous block would interrupted and this starts.\par
Value in square brakets sets duration in seconds what sufficient for following command to prepare.\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\b\f1\lang1033 repeat block\b0\par
-- Repeat current block\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\b\f1\lang1033 repeat script\b0\par
-- Repeat whole script\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\b\f1\lang1033 switch schedule\b0\par
-- Switch to other schedule\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\par
\ul\f1\lang1033 Communication commands\par
\ulnone\par
\b shout\b0  Some command string\par
-- Send command to anybody listen\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 waitshout\b0  Some command string\par
-- Repeatedly send command to anybody listen while somebody reply '1' \par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 gpishout\b0  \b gpi\b0\f0\lang1049  \b\{\b0 GPI_On_COM1_0_Output\b\}\b0  \f1\lang1033 Meaningful command name\par
-- Pulse GPI signal with setted identifier\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 gpishout\b0  \b gpion\b0\f0\lang1049  \b\{\b0 GPI_On_COM1_0_Output\b\}\b0  \f1\lang1033 Meaningful command name\par
-- Turn GPI signal to active state \par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 gpishout\b0  \b gpioff\b0\f0\lang1049  \b\{\b0 GPI_On_COM1_0_Output\b\}\b0  \f1\lang1033 Meaningful command name\par
-- Turn GPI signal to passive state\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b gpiwaitshout\b0  \b\f1\lang1033 gpi\b0\f0\lang1049  \b\{\b0 GPI_On_COM1_0_Input\b\}\b0  \f1\lang1033 Meaningful command name\f0\lang1049\par
\f1\lang1033 -- Wait GPI signal with setted identifier\par
\b\f0\lang1049\par
gpiwaitshout\b0  \b\f1\lang1033 gpi\b0\f0\lang1049  \b\{\b0 GPI_On_COM1_0_Input\b\}\b0  \b\f1\lang1033 skipblock \b0 Meaningful command name\f0\lang1049\par
\f1\lang1033 -- Wait GPI signal with setted identifier, skip current block on timeout\par
\par
\b messageshout "\b0 Meaningful command name\b "\b0  Machine\b /\b0 Queue Subject Text\par
-- Send SLMessageService command \par
\f0\lang1049\par
\ul\f1\lang1033 Video commands\ulnone\par
\par
\b video1\b0  0:00:01.00 \f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
\b video2\b0  0:00:01.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ] \b0\f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
\b video3\b0  0 \b [\b0 0.10\b ] \b0\f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
\b video4\b0  0 \b [\b0 0.10\b ] \b0\f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
\b video5\b0  0 \b [\b0 0.10\b ] \b0\f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
\b video6\b0  0 \b [\b0 0.10\b ] \b0\f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
-- Show input video. \par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
Value in square brackets sets crossfade duration and may be absent.\par
\par
\b default1\b0  0:00:01.00 \par
\b default2\b0  0:00:01.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0\par
-- Show default picture. \par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
Value in square brackets sets crossfade duration and may be absent.\par
\par
\b picture\b0  0:00:01.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b pictureex\b0  0:00:01.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  \b "\b0 Schedule title\b "\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
-- Show picture file. \par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
Value in square brackets sets crossfade duration and may be absent.\par
\par
\b movie\b0  \b <\b0 0:00:01:00\b >\b0  0:00:11.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b movie\b0  \b <\b0 0:00:01:00\b >\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b movie\b0  0:00:11.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b movie\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b movieex\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  \b "\b0 Schedule title\b "\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
-- Show movie file (avi, mpegs or tml (AV Studio project)). \par
Timecode in angle brackets is optional in-point\par
Duration in parenthesis signs that following command would not wait finish of this.\par
Value in square brackets sets crossfade duration and may be absent.\par
If in-point is present then fragment will be bounded by actual duration of file.\par
Without in-point duration will be replaced by actual duration of file.\par
\par
\b rpmfragment \b0  \b <\b0 0:00:01:00\b >\b0  0:00:11.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  Fragment name \f0\lang1049\{7EAE7488-F7FC-4634-A932-97C3FC1979D1\}\f1\lang1033\par
\b rpmfragment\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  Fragment name \f0\lang1049\{7EAE7488-F7FC-4634-A932-97C3FC1979D1\}\f1\lang1033\par
-- Show RPM clip. \par
Timecode in angle brackets is optional in-point\par
Duration in parenthesis signs that following command would not wait finish of this.\par
Value in square brackets sets crossfade duration and may be absent.\par
Actual duration and name of clip will be quered from PostPlay server by GUID\par
\par
\par
\ul Sound commands\ulnone\par
\par
\b sound\b0  \b <\b0 0:00:01:00\b >\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b sound\b0  0:00:11.00 File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b soundex\b0  0:00:11.00 \b "\b0 Schedule title\b "\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
-- Play sound file (wav or tml (AV Studio project)). \par
Timecode in angle brackets is optional in-point\par
Duration in parenthesis signs that following command would not wait finish of this.\par
If in-point is present then fragment will be bounded by actual duration of file.\par
Without in-point duration will be replaced by actual duration of file.\par
\par
\b soundOff\b0  0:00:01.00 \par
-- Stop playing sound file. \par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\ul\f1\lang1033 Fullscreen titling commands\ulnone\par
\par
\b titlePicture\b0  0:00:01.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b titlePictureEx\b0  0:00:01.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  \b "\b0 Schedule title\b "\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
-- Show title picture file. \par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
Value in square brackets sets fade-in duration and may be absent.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 titleMovie\b0  0:00:11.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b titleMovie\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b titleMovieEx\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  \b "\b0 Schedule title\b "\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
-- Show title movie file (avi or tml (AV Studio project)).  \par
Duration in parenthesis signs that following command would not wait finish of this.\par
Value in square brackets sets fade-in duration and may be absent.\par
Duration will be replaced by actual duration of file.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 titleScript\b0  0:00:11.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b titleScript\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b titleScriptEx\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:11.00\b )\b0  \b "\b0 Schedule title\b "\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
-- Show title script file (spt).  \par
Duration in parenthesis signs that following command would not wait finish of this.\par
Value in square brackets sets fade-in duration and may be absent.\par
Duration will be replaced by actual duration of file.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 titleOff\b0  0:00:01.00 \par
\b titleOff\b0  0:00:01.00 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0\par
-- Clear fullscreen titles. \par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
Value in square brackets sets fade-out duration and may be absent.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\ul\f1\lang1033 Title objects commands\ulnone\par
\par
\b titleObjLoad\b0  \b\{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  0:00:17.64 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b titleObjLoad\b0  \b\{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:17.64\b )\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
\b titleObjLoadEx\b0  \b\{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  \b (\b0 0:00:17.64\b )\b0  \b "\b0 Schedule title\b "\b0  File name (relative or absolute)\par
-- Load task file to title object.\par
State of looped object don't change. State of not-looped object sets to 'On'.\par
Duration in parenthesis signs that following command would not wait finish of this.\par
Value in square brackets sets fade-in duration and may be absent.\par
Duration will be replaced by actual duration of file or zero for looped object.\par
\par
\b titleObjReset \{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  0\par
-- Load null task to title object.\par
\par
\b titleObjOn\b0  \b\{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  0:00:03.64\par
\b titleObjOff \{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  0:00:03.64 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0\par
\b titleObjAbort \{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  0:00:03.64 \b [\b0 0.10\b ]\b0\par
-- Set title object state to On and Off or abort title object.\par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
Value in square brackets sets fade-in/fade-out duration and may be absent.\par
\par
\b titleObjGroupOn\b0  \b\{\b0 Object1,Object2...\b\}\b0  0:00:03.64 \f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
\b titleObjGroupOff \{\b0 Object1,Object2...\b\}\b0  0:00:03.64 \b [\b0 0.10\b ] \b0\f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
\b titleObjGroupAbort \{\b0 Object1,Object2...\b\}\b0  0:00:03.64 \b [\b0 0.10\b ] \b0\f2\lang1049 Any comment\f1\lang1033\par
-- Set several title objects state to On and Off or abort title objects.\par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
Value in square brackets sets fade-in/fade-out duration and may be absent.\par
\par
\b titleObjWait\b0  \b\{\b0 ObjectName\b\}\b0  0:00:05.00\par
-- Wait for finish of un-looped title object.\par
Duration sets time interval by what following command starts before finishing of object.\par
\par
\par
\ul Other commands\ulnone\par
\par
\b pauseAllFinish\b0  0:00:05.00\par
-- Wait for finish of all playing command except title objects.\par
Duration sets time interval by what following command starts before finishing of playing commands.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 pause\b0  0:00:01.00 \par
-- Do nothing. \par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 auxOn\b0  0:00:01.00 \par
\b auxOff\b0  0:00:01.00 \par
-- Turn On and Off auxillary audio input.\par
Duration sets time interval to start of following command. Zero duration can be setted by single '0'.\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\b\f1\lang1033 comment\b0  \b 0\b0  Any comment\par
-- Do nothing. \par
Zero must be present\par
\par
\b markStart \{\b0 MarkName\b\} 0\b0  Any comment\par
--Start mark of fragment\par
Zero must be present\par
\par
\b markStop \{\b0 MarkName\b\} 0\b0  Any comment\par
-- Stop mark  of fragment\par
Zero must be present\par
\f0\lang1049\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 